You bitch
If you hit me, how dare you break in and open your mouth?
Stop
Sister, someone will avenge me?
Xitian, how dare you let your subordinates beat people?
Do you still have the law?
You want to break my leg?
When they hung me up to govern
Why don't you say Wang Fa?
President, don't talk nonsense with them
Just take them away
The president is gone now
You are the highest tester
Who said the president is not there?
Your President Liang has just been assassinated
Fortunately, I passed by and saved his life
Now he's unconscious.
Lure the snake out of the hole
Liang Youwei still has some brains
Then that assassination of the president is you, right?
Xitian, you dare to let people commit suicide
President Liang
Is it in order to become the master of this Haicheng Chamber of Commerce?
Are you so unscrupulous?
Vice President is now the enemy
The president is temporarily unconscious
We would like you to replace the president temporarily
Participating head of delegation
Good job as president
I stand as president
come
Push our president back
I will take care of it myself
Hi.
It really is you